1. Preamble

This License applies to the computer program which with this licence is distributed (now
the "Program"). The Program is intellectual property of Paweł Klockiewicz and Wojciech
Król (the "Authors") and is placed under the protection of copyright laws, including
Polish legislation and international treaties such as the Berne Convention.

BY USING OR DISTRIBUTING THE PROGRAM (OR ANY WORK BASED ON THE PROGRAM), YOU INDICATE
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS LICENSE TO DO SO, AND ALL ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USING AND
DISTRIBUTING THE PROGRAM OR WORKS BASED ON IT. NOTHING OTHER THAN THIS LICENSE GRANTS YOU
PERMISSION TO DISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM OR ITS DERIVATIVE WORKS. THESE ACTIONS ARE
PROHIBITED BY LAW. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT DISTRIBUTE THE
PROGRAM.

2. Licenses

Licensor hereby grants you the following rights, provided that you comply with all of the
restrictions set forth in this License and provided, further, that you distribute an
unmodified copy of this License with the Program:

    (a) Permission is granted to use the Program for personal, commercial, non-commercial or
    non-profit purposes.
    (b) You may create works based on the Program and distribute a copie of the Program on
    the web domain for which you have purchased this Commercial License and have a license
    code to this effect issued by the Authors.
    (c) The Program and a backlink to the official website may be modified.

3. Restrictions

This license is subject to the following restrictions:

    (a) The Program may not be sold without prior permission from the Authors. Distribution
    of the Program by a commercial organization to any third party without permission is
    prohibited if any payment is made in connection with such distribution directly (as in
    payment for a copy of the Program).
    (b) Copyright notices and the names of the Authors in the source code of the Program must
    remain unmodified.
    (c) You may alter, modify or extend the Software for your own use, or commission a
    third-party to perform modifications for you, but may not resell, redistribute or
    transfer the modified version.
    (d) Portions of the Software may not be extracted and used in other software
    applications.
    
4. Reservation of Rights

No rights are granted to the Program except as expressly set forth herein. You may not
copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except as expressly provided under
this License. Any other attempt to copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is
void, and will automatically terminate your rights under this License. However, parties
who have received copies, or rights, from you under this License will not have their
licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full compliance.

5. Limitations

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
